Migrate Studio Self hosted docs to dvc.org (#4344)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/studio/selfhosted/installation/helm.md

> # Installing Studio Self-hosted via Helm

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# K8s Installation using Helm

```

> # Installing Studio Self-hosted via Helm

Reviewer: Suggest to rename file: helm -> k8s-helm

## Prerequisites

> **Software**

Reviewer: **Studio Images**
Access to the Studio Docker images need to be provided by the Iterative team to enable the installation.
```

You can deploy Studio Self-hosted on any Kubernetes cluster (version => 1.20)
that has an ingress controller configured and installed.

> The choice of ingress controller is up to you. We have good experiences with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The choice of ingress controller is up to you. We recommend the
```

> [ingress-nginx](https://kubernetes.github.io/ingress-nginx/) but Studio will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[ingress-nginx](https://kubernetes.github.io/ingress-nginx/) controller, but Studio will
```

work on other ingress controllers as well.

You'll also need to have the following CLI tools configured and installed:

- Helm
- Kubectl

**DNS**

Create the following two DNS records pointing to the IP address of your load

> balancer:

Reviewer: That's confusing, we're not writing explicitly we require a load balancer of any kind

- `studio.company.com`
- `minio.studio.company.com`

## 1. Create a namespace

We'll install Studio and related components in a dedicated `studio` namespace.
Let's create it now:

```shell
$ kubectl create namespace studio
```

<admon type="tip">

> If you want to install Studio in any other namespace, modify the --namespace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to install Studio in any other namespace, modify the `--namespace`
```

flag in the following commands accordingly

</admon>

## 2. Create a Docker registry secret

Configure Docker credentials for pulling images from our private registry:

```shell
$ kubectl create secret docker-registry iterativeai \
    --namespace studio \
    --docker-server=docker.iterative.ai \
    --docker-username=<username> \
    --docker-password=<password>
```

Replace `<username>` and `<password>` with the credentials you've received.

## 3. Add the Iterative Helm repository

```shell
$ helm repo add iterative https://helm.iterative.ai
```

> ## 3. Install Studio

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 3. Install the Studio Helm Chart
```
